The
The city of Jojyu is not yet determined.
Please do not forget the question bag for the Jojyu front line.
The city of Jojyu that was washed out of the city
does not have a power plant,
no waterway,
no gas,
and all its properties are destroyed.
The city of the new city does not have a proper consideration.
It is getting dark.
The city of Jojyu is a city of darkness.
It is not a city of darkness, but a city of darkness.
A city that is broken, a city of darkness, a city that is defeated in battle.
What is the purpose of this place?
The goal is, of course, to make the military force
to act as a deterrent force in every situation.
We must be very careful.
The goal is to destroy the military force.
There is no passage of the Hina-jin-shikan in the city of Jojyu.
The number of the dead city is fully displayed.
The city of the new city, the city of the dead city,
is in the middle of the night.
The city of the dead city, the city of the dead city,
is not a weapon, but a weapon of terror.
However, the military force is being used as a deterrent force.
The people of the war are also being used as deterrent forces.
We will make sure that the military force is fully displayed.
This is the report that I have been talking about until now.
The military force is about to be deployed in the city of Jojyu.
We are the informant of the military force, the Hina-jin-shikan.
Finally, I will tell you the situation of the war in Jojyu.
The enemy that is defeated is scattered in all directions.
I feel a strange confusion about how to destroy this.